### April 23, 2022
**Approaching deadline of April 24**: Feeling frustrated for not making progress, I made a commitment to some of my friends that I'll be publishing a blog on April 24. This was in the first week of March, and some of my friends pushed me to also set up some intermediate milestones - something like a sprint. Though I agreed to having these milestones, I never honoured them.
One of my Data Scientist friend says that investing around 1.5 months in Yolo is fine, considering the fact that I am just starting with this domain. But I personally feel that I could have done much better. This is not a project which should have taken 7 weeks of my time. In that context, I now understand that it would have been a better decision to honour those milestones.
Of course, I knew the theory behind intermediate milestones earlier as well, but there's a difference between internalizing and knowing a certain fact. Starting from the week of May 01, I plan to publish something on my personal blog every week. Having this personal timeline will keep me on the edge and push me to do better every week.

### April 04, 2022
**Bugs in the Code**: 2-3 days were wasted in between; I won't go into that detail yet. I have completed around 85% of the work here. But it isn't working. I wanted to give up 10-15 minutes ago. The whole debugging task is so boring.
The thought of cheating also came to my mind - if I want to just get a job, then I can just do some patch-work, close this repo, have a nice blog around it, and get done with it.
Then the thought of putting this problem by side and coming back to it at a later date also visited me: "let me focus on another problem, segmentation; and once I have completed that one, I'll come back to this."

Having ended a 3 day waste cycle just day before yesterday, the lessons are still fresh in my mind. I was able to tell myself that this is me staying in my comfort zone. I don't want to debug the code coz it's boring. Cheating will serve one purpose - get me source a job, but it won't help me with the mission I started this journey: be great, do something worthwile. Coming back to this on a later day is equivalent to sweeping the mess under the rug to be found at a later date. The downside - the mess will rot. When I will decide to come back, I would have forgotten the details of the project that are fresh in my mind. In absolute terms, I'll only lose time if I decide to come back. And if I don't come back, then it would be a complete waste.
Hence, I was able to convince myself that the time to do this is now. It might take me a couple of days to find the bug, but it will be worth it. Slow and steady. Slow And Steady. 

### March 30, 2022
**Fear**: The presence of fear can be felt so profoundly. I wasn't able to work yesterday due to some personal engagements. And now when I am back today, I almost feel paralysed by laziness and fear. Today laziness has been driven into existence by fear - the fear of failing at writing the code correctly. I know that I like things start working the first time I try - whatever thing that might be. And when at the subconscious level I know that I might not be able to create the perfect thing first time I try, I fear starting with that task in the first place. Then laziness creeps in and entices me with some kind of instant gratification. It's this combination of laziness and fear that is stopping me from writing *create_module_list* function in *neural_ney.py* file.

One of the ways to fight fear is to logically dissect the genesis and the path of the feeling. You run away from that process as well because it's uncomfortable. But without doing that, it's impossible to overcome the feeling on your terms. I hope the writing the above paragraph has given me the courage and will to look my fear of failing in the eye and not run away from it. 
